

.


 
 
 
 
 
 
Collaboration doesn’t have to be frustrating 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 

 How to make collaboration efficient and effective ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 
  
 


            
    

 
 
September 2022 newsletter 
 
 
Make collaboration efficient and effective 
 
 
Even though productivity is at an all-time high, collaboration has struggled a bit in the hybrid world. But don't fret—these resources will help you jump-start collaboration throughout your org. 
 
 
 
 

 
    
 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Featured content 
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
3 bad collaboration habits and how you can break them 
 
 
Sometimes these anti-patterns are so ingrained in us that we don’t even realize it. But with these solutions, you can change your stars. 
 
 
  
 Read more 
   
 
 
 
 
 
Templates 
 
  
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
     
 
 
 Innovation framework:  
 
 
 Our professional services team created this template to help you add structure to your organization’s best ideas.  
 

  
 
 

 
     
 
 
Flowchart with CloudApp:  
 
 
 Record, embed, and play videos in Lucidchart with the CloudApp integration. Learn how with this template.  
 

  
 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Training courses 
 
  
 
 
Collaborate for ideation 
 
 
Add a Path to your Lucidspark board. It’s a way for collaborators to easily navigate through your content frame by frame. Learn that and more!  
 
 
 Register now  
 
 
 Collaborate on diagrams 
 
 
Sometimes the further you get into a project, the less your team collaborates. Learn Lucidchart tips that help teams stay aligned while working.  
 
 
 Register now  
 
 
 
 

 
    
 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Pro tip 
 
  
 
 
Try these 2 features to improve team collaboration 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
     
 

  
 
 

 
Follow Collaborator 
 
 
 See exactly what someone else is seeing in a document. Just click on any collaborator’s eye icon in the top right of the canvas.  
 

  
 

  
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
     
 

  
 
 

 
Invite Others to Me 
 
 
 Click on the eye icon in the top right corner of the canvas and click “Invite others to me.” Collaborators can then follow your perspective on the board.  
 

  
 

  
 
 
 See more collaboration features  
 
 
 
 
 
New features 
 
  
 
 
 
 

 
   
 For admins: Slack org-wide app   Deploy Lucidspark and Lucidchart across your entire organization at once. It doesn’t matter how many Slack workspaces you have.  Learn more  
 
 
   
 FedRAMP: We’re in process!  Lucid products are now officially designated as "In Process" within the FedRAMP marketplace. We’re that much closer to better serving our government customers!  See progress here   
 

  

 
 
 

 
    
 

  
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
What the experts are saying 
 
 
 Experienced leadership and team coach Marsha Acker shares how facilitators can design remote meetings that 1) encourage engagement and 2) prevent burnout.  
 
 
 See her best tips  
 

  
 
 

 
     
 

  
 

  
 
 
 
 

 
    
 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Partner content 
 
  
 
 
5 common innovation myths—busted  
 
 
David Dabscheck is the founder and Co-CEO of GIANT Innovation, a consultancy that transforms the way organizations and people think and act to become world-class innovators. Read what he has to say about common innovation myths.  
 
 
 Read now  
 
 
Did you know that 83% of users say that Lucid helps increase collaboration among their hybrid teams? If more collaboration is something your team needs, let’s chat.  
 
 
  
 Talk to a sales rep 
   
 


            
        
    

 
 
    Update your email preferences to choose the types of emails you receive.
    Lucid Software Inc.
    10355 South Jordan Gateway, Suite 150 
    South Jordan, UT 84095 USA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

 
  



