

.


 
 
 
 
 
 
See what’s new in Lucidchart, Lucidspark, and Lucidscale! 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 

 New features that improve collaboration and alignment ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
  
 
 
Quarterly product newsletter 
 
 
 What's new 
 

 
 

 
    
 

  

 
We’ve been working hard this last quarter to create several new features and integrations for your favorite Lucid products. See them all below! 
 
 
  
 Go to your documents 
   
 
 
 
 
 
Lucidchart updates 
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
Loom integration 
 
 
Record, embed, and play videos directly in your Lucidchart documents. Clearly share context and directions, even when you can’t meet with everyone at the same time. 
 
 
 Learn how  
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
     
 
 
 ServiceNow integration  
 
 
 Quickly add clarity to your application portfolio by automatically generating Lucidchart diagrams from ServiceNow data.  
 
 
 Get the details  
 

  
 
 

 
     
 
 
 Tasks are now available  
 
 
 Now you can assign tasks to collaborators within documents. Make your diagrams even more actionable.  
 
 
 Read more  
 

  
 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Lucidspark updates 
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
 Dynamic Matrix: The powerful way to organize your ideas  
 
 
Gather your shapes, sticky notes, or Lucidspark Cards into the Dynamic Matrix. You can then pivot it on multiple axes to see your ideas in new ways. 
 
 
 Learn how to use it  
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
     
 
 
 Lucidspark app for Webex  
 
 
 Bring your virtual whiteboard to all Webex calls. Drive engagement and collaboration during brainstorms and other meetings.  
 
 
 Learn more  
 

  
 
 

 
     
 
 
 Loom integration  
 
 
 Record and embed videos in your boards to provide context without long-winded emails and unnecessary meetings.  
 
 
 Learn how  
 

  
 

  
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
     
 
 
 Tasks  
 
 
 Seamlessly turn your ideas into action—assign tasks to collaborators within Lucidspark.  
 
 
 Read more  
 

  
 
 

 
     
 
 
 Quick Cleanup  
 
 
 Save time when brainstorming ideas on your board. In just a few clicks, you can bring scattered sticky notes into an organized group.  
 
 
 See how it works  
 

  
 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Lucidscale updates 
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
 HTML embed  
 
 
 You can now embed Lucidcscale models on internal wikis or any other HTML pages. Put your models in all the right places.  
 
 
 Learn more  
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
     
 
 
 Added clarity: Lines to summarized shapes  
 
 
 Now you can see connections between resource types even when those resources are summarized.  
 

  
 
 

 
     
 
 
 Loom integration  
 
 
 Our integration with Loom works in Lucidscale as well! Record and embed videos directly in your models.  
 
 
 Learn how  
 

  
 

  
 
 
Would you like updates on all new features as they’re coming out? Check out the full list of release updates here.  
 
 
  
 Go to your documents 
   
 


            
        
    

 
 
    Update your email preferences to choose the types of emails you receive.
    Lucid Software Inc.
    10355 South Jordan Gateway, Suite 150 
    South Jordan, UT 84095 USA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

 
  



