



  
  
  


  Weekly Digest



  
    
      
        
          
            
              
                
                  
                    
                      
                    
                  
                  
                    
                      
                        Hello!
                      
                    
                  
                  
                    
                      

Hi LeetCoder! Take a look at NEW learning explore card for "Detailed Explanation of Bit Manipulation"! 



Don't forget join us for the  October LeetCoding Challenge. You can earn LeetCoins daily, and even get a chance to win some at the end of the month, as well as a LeetCode polo shirt. Happy LeetCoding! 😎
                      
                    
                  
                
                
                
                  
                    
                      Top Picks For You
                    
                  
                
                
                  
                    
                    
                    
  
    
      
        
          Question
        
        
          Reachable Nodes In Subdivided Graph
        
        
          You are given an undirected graph (the "original graph") with n nodes labeled from 0 to n - 1. You...
        
      
    
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
          
        
      
    
  

                    
                    
  
    
  

                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    

  
    
      Post
    
    
      
        ❗️New Explore Card❗️ - Detailed Explanation of Bit Manipulation
      
    
    
      
        Hi LeetCoders! 🔸 We are back AGAIN with a NEW learning explore card! 🙌  End your month of successful practicing with some new knowledge, or freshen up your skills with this card. Get ready to check out Detailed Explanation of Bit Manipulation! 🔸  In this explore card, we'll cover bit manipulation concepts which will be visually explained. After learning the concepts, you'll have a chance to practice those with specific curated problems. You can expect to strengthen your bit knowledge and apply the concepts through this card!  😎 The first chapter of this new resource will be free for users to preview, while the remaining content is exclusive to our premium users. Not a premium user yet?  Click ⭐️ HERE⭐️ to upgrade and unlock premium learning resources on LeetCode! 😎 Want to know more about the content that will be in this explore card to help you decide on subscribing? Take a peak at what you'll be learning below! 📚 Bit Manipulation : Concepts - This chapter covers important concepts for bit manipulation, including bases, use of integers, and an overview of bit operations. Bit Manipulation : Practice - You can expect to practice the concepts you have just learned in the first chapter here with some examples and practice problems.  Bit Manipulation : State Compression -  The last chapter in this card covers State compression, and accompanies the lesson with some more practice.  Don't forget to share your progress with us on social media! Take the screenshot of your learning progress or share your learning notes, and use the hashtag #LearnwithLC on Linkedin, Twitter, and/or Instagram! LearnwithLC #LeetCode #BitManipulation  New to our explore section? You are missing out on a great learning resource! 📇 Explore is a well-organized tool that helps you get the most out of LeetCode by providing structure to guide your progress towards the next step in your programming career. 🔸 Learn Card - These “Introduction to…” cards are professionally curated guides and focus on a hands-on learning approach. With easy-to-understand explanations accompanied by high-quality visualizations, you’ll understand core concepts and further solidify the knowledge with question practices. Check out some of our previously published cards! 🔹Detailed Explanation of Graph 🔹Detailed Explanation of Heap 🔹Detailed Explanation of Dynmaic Programming ➡️ Now that you've started this card, what other topics are you curious to see as explore cards in the future? 
      
    
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
                View
              
            
          
        
      
    
  

                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                  
                
                
                
                
                  
                    
                      Start a Mock Interview
                    
                  
                
                
                  
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    

  
    
      
    
  
  
    
      
        
          
            Facebook
          
          
          
          
            40 problem sets · 323583
              attempts 
          
      
    
  
  
    
      
        
        
    
  


                    
                    
  
    
  

                    
                    
                    
                    
                    

  
    
      
    
  
  
    
      
        
          
            Uber
          
          
          
          
            17 problem sets · 44345
              attempts 
          
      
    
  
  
    
      
        
        
    
  


                    
                    
                    
                  
                
                
            
              
                
                  
                    
                      
                        
                      
                    
                  
                
              
            
            
              
                
                  Win up to 5000 Leetcoins!
                
              
            
          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
            
              
                
                  
                    
                      Join Weekly Contest
                    
                    
                      Receive 200 LeetCoins for first submission
                    
                  
              
              
                
                  
                    
                      
                        
                      
                    
                  
                
              
              
            
          
          
          
  
    
  

          
          
          
          
          
            
              
                
                  
                    
                      Join Biweekly Contest
                    
                    
                      Receive 200 LeetCoins for first submission
                    
                  
                
              
              
                
                  
                    
                      
                        
                      
                    
                  
                
              
            
            
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
        
        
      
    
  
  
    
      
    
    
      
        
      
    
    
      
        ©2022 LeetCode, LLC. All rights reserved. Unsubscribe
      
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


