


	
	Photo stock where you can reface models
	
	


How can that be possible?͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏



	
		
			
			
				
					
						
						
							
								
									
									
										
											
												
												
													
														
															
															
																
																	
																		 
																	
																
															
															
														
													
												
												
											
										
									
									
								
								
									
									
										
											
												
												
													
														
															
															AI is changing the world of photo stocks
															
														
														
															
															New Moose
															
														
													
												
												
											
										
									
									
								
								
									
									
										
											
												
												
													
														
															
														
														
														
															
														
														
													
												
												
											
										
									
									
								
								
									
									
										
											
												
												
													
														
															
															All photo stocks are the same. The photos are nice and beautiful, but there's always something that makes them 90% rather than 100% fit.
															
															“This one seems good, but the girl in the photo is too happy. Is there another one where she's not smiling?”
															
															“This photo is almost perfect, but the guy is too old.”
															
															Sounds familiar? We know. We’ve been there too.
															
															That’s why we made the first and only generative photo stock that lets you adjust models in the images on the go. You can change:

															
																
																Emotions
																
																
																Age
																
																
																Faces
																
																
																Gender
																
																
																Backgrounds
																
															
															
														
														
															
															Here are some examples:
															
														
													
												
												
											
										
									
									
								
								
									
									
										
											
												
												
													
														
															
														
													
												
												
											
										
									
									

									
										
											
												
												
													
														
															
														
													
												
												
											
										
									
									
								
								
									
									
										
											
												
												
													
														
															
														
													
												
												
											
										
									
									

									
										
											
												
												
													
														
															
														
													
												
												
											
										
									
									
								
								
									
									
										
											
												
												
													
														
															
														
													
												
												
											
										
									
									

									
										
											
												
												
													
														
															
														
													
												
												
											
										
									
									
								
								
									
									
										
											
												
												
													
														
															
															Looks like magic? In fact, it's machine learning. And you can try it yourself.

															 
															
														
														
															Try Moose
														
													
												
												
											
										
									
									
								
							
						
						
					
				
			

			
				
					
						
						
							
								
									
									
										
											
												
												
													
														
															
															We’ve had a great time, but if you’d like to stay friends, we’ll understand. Unsubscribe here. One thing: no drunk texting in the middle of the night, ok?
															
														
														
															
															View web version
															
														
													
												
												
											
										
									
									
								
							
						
						
					
				
			
			
		
	





